In this lecture, we are going to talk about
robot arms.
In particular, we are going to talk about
the relationship between the joints in a robot's
arm and the pose of the robot end effector.
So as I've moved the various joints in my
own arm we can say that the pose of the end
of my arm changes, right?
So what we're going to do is how this works
for a robot arm which typically comprises
a number of joints.
In a robot's arm, they vary, they have different
numbers of joints, some robot arms might have
only 3 joints, some robot arms might have
6 joints and some might have 10 joints, could have
a 100 joints.
There are also two different sorts of joints
that robot arms have.
There are joints that are called Prismatic
joints.
These are joints that slide or elongate.
And there are joints that are rotating joints,
like the joints that I have in my own arm.
So we call these sort of rotating joints
Revolute joints and the sliding or telescoping
joints we called Prismatic joints.
So here are some pictures of a number of different
types of robot arms that exist.
This is just a very small sample of a very very
large number of robot arms that exist within
the world.
We are going to work through some of these
examples, look at them, look at the number
of joints that they have, the different types
of joints that they have and then work on
the mathematical description, the mathematical
relationship between the joint angles and
the robot end effector pose.